Game Types and Descriptions
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild - Action-Adventure title. Developed by Nintendo. Legend of Zelda's first open-world environment game.
Super Mario Odyssey - Action title. Developed by Nintendo. Another open-world title, placed in a more realistic setting than previous Super Mario titles.
Sonic Mania - Action title. Developed by Headcannon and PagodaWest Games. Features new and then remastered levels from previous titles.
Arms - Fighting-style title. Developed by Nintendo. Makes use of the Nintendo Switch's new game controllers, which are the key to gameplay.
Spla2n - First-person shooter/Multiplayer title. Developed by Nintendo. Sequel to the wildly popular Splatoon. Similar to first title, but with updated gameplay to match recent advancements.
Fire Emblem Warriors - Hack-and-slash/Fighting title. Being developed by Koei Tecmo. Similar to Legend of Zelda's Hyrule Warriors.
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe - Racing/Multiplayer title. Developed by Nintendo. Similar to previous titles, but additional characters are added.
Project Sonic 2017 - Action title. Being developed by Sonic Team. No details yet, but seems almost post-apocalyptic? Very edgy for a Sonic game.
Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim - Action/RPG title. Being developed by Bethesda Game Studios. An already incredibly popular title being redesigned for the Nintendo Switch.
I Am Setsuna - RPG title. Developed by Tokyo RPG Factory. A game similar to older, 1990s Japanese RPGs, with a unique theme: Sadness.
Xenoblade Chronicles 2 - Action/RPG title. Being developed by Monolith Soft. No details yet, but is supposed to feature a different character from the first game.
Shin Megami Tensei - RPG title. Being developed by Atlus and Sega. No details yet, and unknown if it will be localized, though developers Atlus promise to let Western fans know.
Stardew Valley - Farming simulator/RPG title. Independently developed by Eric Barone. An indie game that takes inspiration from Harvest Moon/Story of Seasons.
1-2 Switch - Mini game/Multiplayer title. Developed by Nintendo. A multiplayer game similar to the popular Wii Play designed a few years back.
